happy Wednesday dessert junkies I hope
you're going well I hope you being
amazing this week I'm going to show you
how to make something with those lovely
almonds that Blue Diamond almonds sent
me the honey roasted ones this how you
make my honey roasted almond pinwheels
okay guys first things first and the
realest is get your almond and you need
to chop these down a little bit finer
using a knife you can use a mix like
those chopping mixer thingies but I'm
too lazy to clean the thing so just use
the knife and I found we've three or
four passes through you want the nuts to
be nice and small but not that small
that you can't tell what it is but not
junky that you just get a whole almond
in the pinwheel so about three of all
cancers get it down to this sort of size
size and then whack that into a bowl and
this is what we're going to mix our
filling week so once you've got that in
a bowl you want to add some room
temperature butter now when I'm in room
temperature it needs to be soft so you
can work it in between your hands and
using a spatula because this is gonna be
the filling then we got a brown sugar
mm-hmm sugar then I got some cinnamon
because cinnamon and brown sugar first
mates definitely have to add that in
there and then I've got a little dash of
vanilla vanilla just lifts this and you
do taste vanilla it's not overpowering
in both health then into a bowl we want
to crack one egg and we want to separate
this egg because when you use the egg
essentially in two parts the chicken
doesn't sacrifice for nothing now if
you're an idiot like me and going oh
I've just put the yolk in grab the
eggshell use that to get the egg yolk
out it's like an eggy bag net gets the
Erekat every time so we've got egg white
and egg yolk when you use these into
hearts I have got some defrost puff
pastry sheets here because they're for
something you can't buy bought puff
pastry here in Australia but essentially
you want to use the egg white to stick
the two ships together so that you get
extra height in pinwheel and they're not
little tiny nuts that's what we're going
for
so everything is about size guys the
girls aligned to you
then you want to get your other sheet of
puff and whack it on top so we
essentially doubled it doing this with a
rolling pin
I wouldn't recommend because you're
gonna lose the height so just then
domain and feeling we essentially just
need to mix this all together with a
spatula if you're finding your spatula
isn't getting through and it's not
really combining into a nice paste
you're free to use your fingers once
you've got that all combined it's now
time to whack it onto your pup I'm
trying it this is thinking it's possible
nobody wants a mouthful of nuts guys so
make sure it's evenly shared once you're
happy with how you've got your nuts on
your puffs it's now time to roll how
many days I say kitchen up from your
puffs anyway moving on so we want a roll
and I always find rolling towards myself
keeps it nice and even I find if I roll
away from myself I just offered up I'm
just special my mum tells me every day
special' it's just a process so once you
have rolled this up make sure it's
really nice and tight roll - by the way
guys you don't want to air pockets is
don't be afraid to give it another roll
once it is a snausage form do sausages
no special give me a bit of a roll and
then it's time to cut make sure you cut
the end off burners of course it's
probably not gonna have any feeling in
it and then slowly work down turning on
a bit of an angle I found that works
really well for me and I got about 20
pinwheels on one of these little
contraptions so and so be afraid to give
it a bit of a squish back to you want
these to be a nice round circle once you
pop the fun the baking tray then this is
where egg yolk comes in so we're gonna
egg wash the top of these now make sure
that you don't just cook top you want to
coat the signs as well because there's
nothing up puff up as well and make them
lovely and
baking in an oven 180 from 20 to 25
minutes out they come golden and yummy
look at that they have it going is how
simple and easy these it's a good change
from a savory pinwheel to a sweet trust
Matt's with this work and a lot of
people were impressed and we're amazed
that they were actually sweet they are
definitely a winner at any morning tea
and a baby shower that's what I took
them for I just wanted to say thank you
to all my new subscribers hi guys thank
you so much for subscribing I only have
20 more to get to my next goal of 2500
if you want to be one of my subscribers
and maybe be that 2500 subscriber hit
that little button up there that looks
like me the black and white one or the
link below if you're watching on a
mobile device thank you so much for
watching I will see you next Wednesday
for other video recipe and until then
bye guys